docs: Add workspace roles (#1106)
TracecatHQ/tracecat: docs/quickstart/admin.mdx

    ![Signup](/img/quickstart/admin/signup.png)
  </Step>
  <Step title="🎉 Welcome">

>     After signing up, you'll be redirected to the default workspace as both an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After signing up, you'll be redirected to the default workspace as an organization admin.
```

>     organization admin. ![Welcome](/img/quickstart/admin/workspace.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Welcome](/img/quickstart/admin/workspace.png)
```
